I'm back into the project we created in the last module this view Cheops project.
But even if you're not a fan of Futurists that doesn't really matter it's a great project to explain
what's actually happening and how web peg works and so on.
So as I told you in the last module DS files here and these folders were created by The View Seelye.
This gives us a complete development environment we can work in and what we can use certain features
which are then handled by Web Picks so that in the end we get something which is understood by the browser.
I think it's best to have a look at this something and we can use a certain NPM script which is defined
in a package adjacent file and run built to create the actual files web pick well creates for us which
it stores in memory if we run NPM run death after descript finished.
You see a new folder the disk folder and they're very interesting you see only one file that built up
Cheras file well and does not map file which is the source map for easier debugging.
But we can ignore this for now.
The index that HDMI file didn't change.
So if we were to deploy this app we would deploy this index HDMI file and to disk folder.
Now if you have a look at this build chairs fall you see a lot of unreadable code and data because we
built it for production.
So therefore this code was minute flight optimized to be as small as possible.
Now the interesting thing about this file is it actually contains the full view chess framework.
All of our code and potentially over frameworks or libraries we it like the view router in our example
here.
So in the end we only ship one single javascript file which even though it looks quite unreadable is
understood by the browser and contains all the logic we need.
But of course not in a way that we would like to write it in.
And that is the reason why we use workflows like this one and why we use tools like wet pig.
This is the optimal file to ship to the browser small everything is in it.
But of course that's not the way we want to write our code.
So wet bag is a bridge between how we want to write code to write clean and understandable code and
use features we maybe can use and all browsers wise and still ship code to the browser which is understood
by the browser which is as small as possible and which works across all or at least most browsers.
Now since it is the shop of web pack which rolled out Noj Yes and NPM play then.
Let's take a closer look in the next lecture before we dive deeper into what pectore after.